So there's definitely a lot of issues with this paper. The first one is that we aren't properly composing the model properly. What we want to do is for each kind of problem, like if it's a two-part problem, we only want to compose the two-part model. We don't want to compose all of them. The monolithic model needs to be trained on all different kinds, not just the four-part problem ones. So it needs to have an equal distribution of one rule problems, two rule problems, three rule problems, four rule problems, or rather no one rule problem since that doesn't really exist in the data. And then we compose many of the compositional models that have each learned one rule, and we see if the performance is better. Right? So the monolithic model right now based on the code base is only trained on four rule problems, which is not correct. So that definitely needs to be fixed. Additionally, what we're comparing needs to be changed as well because, well, actually it doesn't. We're comparing the right things. What is the accuracy on two rule problems? What is the accuracy on three rule problems? And what is the accuracy on four rule problems? We're trying to show that if the compositional model, we're trying to ask ourselves if the compositional model, if trained on just, if composing just those two versus the monolithic that was trained on all of them, will be able to outperform the monolithic model. Right? So we want to see how the difference in single rule accuracy is as well between each compositional model and the monolithic model as well. So there's definitely like, we're trying to compare the right things, but the implementation actually needs to be fixed right now. Like the monolithic is only trained on four rule problems, I think, and we need to train it on more than that. Also, there seems to be an issue where in the training set, everything is set to the same like value. So like all the equations are equal to x equals one, which is not correct. And that needs to be fixed as well.

what i want you to do is to do a full deep audit of what this paper needs to do to improve. right now it is on the right track but defintely has a lot of experimental issues and misspecifications. your goal is to find all of them and then collect them into a new comments file in the documentation/comments folder